feat(changelog): jobs-added-serverless-jobs-more-cpu-and-ram 2024-06-07 (#3279)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2024/2024-06-07-jobs-added-serverless-jobs-more-cpu-and-ram.mdx

---

> title: Serverless Jobs more CPU and RAM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: More CPU and RAM options available for Serverless Jobs
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-jobs channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-06-07
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

> New CPU and Memory tiers are now available to empower your Serverless Jobs ! 3, 4 and 6 VCPU and 6, 8 and 12 GB of RAM !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New CPU and memory tiers are now available to enhance your Serverless Jobs! Choose from 3, 4, or 6 vCPUs and 6, 8, or 12 GB of RAM to optimize performance.
```
